and so like one of the reasons that I'm
so into top teacher week and some of you
may or may not know this is that my son
Joaquin has dyslexia and dysgraphia and
he goes to a school that specializes in
in treating a wide variety and a myriad
of different learning differences the
children may encounter and so and so
when I see teachers that can reach kids
that are maybe unreachable in their in
their other schools I just like my heart
gets moved my heart gets very full and I
guess I had must have talked about how
Joaquin's big pride and joy every
morning is that he reads the New York
Post he reads the headline every morning
and some days they're very racy but the
fact that he's reading I don't care he
can read whatever he wants he can read
four-letter words if he wants I don't
care as long as he's reading them I
don't care and so Michael Shan who works
in the TV section invented this game and
he heard me talking about this on the
air and it's this incredible game called
Man Bites Dog
it's a headline creating game and what
they found is that it's being used in
the education system now for kids with
reading problems right teaches them how
to put sentences together in a really
fun way and and the people at Harvard
found this game to be very beneficial
this Man Bites Dog card game so I
brought it home and I was like well
let's see I don't know because sometimes
kids with learning issues sometimes find
reading games very challenging and they
don't really enjoy them that much so I
just presented it as a card game we had
so much fun playing this game at home I
thought maybe you'd want to play it here
like one round with me it's so funny
so I just read so I'm basically what I'm
gonna do is I'm gonna give you five
cards of me five cards I'm really I
don't like looking at my car consider
all on the tape like my luck thing you
know I'm saying five okay let's see what
kind of headline we can put together oh
here we go ready okay model tells on
star so that is 25 35 45 points model
tells on star okay see angel weeps for
last TV I'm gonna call a foul
cuz that doesn't make any sense she went
to one of those like midnight sales and
then other lady in front of her grabbed
the TV to see wheat
and in the Victoria I would think in
Victoria's Secret Angel myself I just
got a better one model jilted by star
what's and I found one even better
model falls for star but that's less
coins at 25 oh that was 30 well that's
your you get 30 I want my 25 isn't that
a fun game I like that
go man bite dog anyway
we were playing it all of us together as
a family and Joaquin beat us in every
hand every single hand we were amazed
and we were not letting him win we're
not that kind of family that doesn't
make any sense I'm like you're supposed
to read your rating now you read you're
a reader I definitely don't see Lola let
him with anything no no okay he's a fun
game so thank you Michael Shane really
fun really really hot